README.md, before:

Yoast SEO for TYPO3
======================

[![Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo)

This plugin integrates text analysis and assessment from [YoastSEO.js](https://github.com/Yoast/YoastSEO.js). Content analysis can generate interesting metrics about a text and give you an assessment which can be used to improve the text.

## Installation
You can easily install the plugin with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/). Just use the following command in the root of your project:  

```bash
composer require yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo
```

## Configuration
There is no need for configuration although it is recommended to remove all other SEO related plugins creating metatags in frontend.

## Reporting bugs / Contributions
Anyone is welcome to contribute to Yoast SEO for TYPO3. Please
[read the guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this
repository and how to report bugs.

There are various ways you can contribute:

* [Raise an issue](https://github.com/Yoast/t3ext-yoast-seo/issues) on GitHub.
* Send us a Pull Request with your bug fixes and/or new features.

Commit message:

introduce new configuration options (#88)
* [TASK] Ignore /.github folder on export

* [BUGFIX] #85 Strip CDATA tags from the content.

* [FEATURE] #87 Make PreviewUrl, Tab-Display and Function Menu configurable via EXTCONF.

* [DOC] #87 Add configuration options to README.md

* [TASK] Add replace section to composer.json

* Remove usage of placehold.it images

* [TASK] Convert tab indents to spaces

* [TASK] Some code improvements

* [TASK] Remove unnecessary spaces

* [TASK] Changed composer manifest to be installable

README.md, after:

Yoast SEO for TYPO3
======================

[![Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo)

This plugin integrates text analysis and assessment from [YoastSEO.js](https://github.com/Yoast/YoastSEO.js). Content analysis can generate interesting metrics about a text and give you an assessment which can be used to improve the text.

## Installation
You can easily install the plugin with [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/). Just use the following command in the root of your project:  

```bash
composer require yoast-seo-for-typo3/yoast_seo
```

## Configuration
There is no need for configuration although it is recommended to remove all other SEO related plugins creating metatags in frontend. There are however some configuration options available. More information about configuring Yoast SEO for TYPO3 can be found in the manual on [https://docs.typo3.org](https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/yoast_seo/). 

### Changing Frontend behaviour
As it has always been, you can change frontend behaviour of `yoast_seo` via TypoScript. Check the [current file](Configuration/TypoScript/setup.txt) for reference.

## Reporting bugs / Contributions
Anyone is welcome to contribute to Yoast SEO for TYPO3. Please
[read the guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this
repository and how to report bugs.

There are various ways you can contribute:

* [Raise an issue](https://github.com/Yoast/t3ext-yoast-seo/issues) on GitHub.
* Send us a Pull Request with your bug fixes and/or new features.
