Documentation/Configuration/SnippetPreview/Index.rst, before:

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../../Includes.txt


.. _snippetpreview:

Snippet Preview
===============

Enable snippet preview on specific page types
---------------------------------------------
By default, the snippet preview is only shown on pages with doktype 1 (Standard page) and 6 (Backend user section). You can
add your own doktypes like the example below by adding a doktype to the :php:`$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['EXTCONF']['yoast_seo']['allowedDoktypes']`
array.

.. code-block:: php

    $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['EXTCONF']['yoast_seo']['allowedDoktypes']['blog'] = 137;

The key can be any unique string. It is only used to identify the doktype as a developer. The value contains the numeric
value of the doktype.

Disable snippet preview with PageTs
-----------------------------------
Sometimes only a check on doktype isn't enough for disabling the snippet preview. For example if you want to hide the
snippet preview on detail pages of for example a news item, you need more than a check on a doktype. That is why you can
also disable the snippet preview based on PageTs. Below an example to hide page if it is a subpage of page with id 4.

.. code-block:: typoscript

    [PIDupinRootline = 4]
        mod.web_SeoPlugin {
            disableSnippetPreview = 1
        }
    [global]

Commit message:

[DOCS] Added the right file to set extra doktypes to be analysed

Documentation/Configuration/SnippetPreview/Index.rst, after:

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../../Includes.txt


.. _snippetpreview:

Snippet Preview
===============

Enable snippet preview on specific page types
---------------------------------------------
By default, the snippet preview is only shown on pages with doktype 1 (Standard page) and 6 (Backend user section). You can
add your own doktypes like the example below by adding a doktype to the :php:`$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['EXTCONF']['yoast_seo']['allowedDoktypes']`
array in the :file:`ext_localconf.php` of your own extension.

.. code-block:: php

    $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['EXTCONF']['yoast_seo']['allowedDoktypes']['blog'] = 137;

The key can be any unique string. It is only used to identify the doktype as a developer. The value contains the numeric
value of the doktype.

Disable snippet preview with PageTs
-----------------------------------
Sometimes only a check on doktype isn't enough for disabling the snippet preview. For example if you want to hide the
snippet preview on detail pages of for example a news item, you need more than a check on a doktype. That is why you can
also disable the snippet preview based on PageTs. Below an example to hide page if it is a subpage of page with id 4.

.. code-block:: typoscript

    [PIDupinRootline = 4]
        mod.web_SeoPlugin {
            disableSnippetPreview = 1
        }
    [global]
