Documentation/Introduction/About/Index.rst, before:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt


.. _about:

What does it do?
================

This extension brings the content analyzer tools from YoastSEO to the interface of TYPO3 CMS. This Content analysis can
generate interesting metrics about a text and give you an assessment which can be used to improve the text. Besides that
you can set a focus keyword for every page. The content analyzer takes this into account and lets you know if your copy
uses it properly.

Every page includes a snippet preview which shows you how that page will show up in the search results. The title of the
page and description displayed along can easily be modified in the editor.

For your most important pages there is the option of marking this as "Cornerstone" content. This will have impact on how
the content analysis analyzes your page.

The "Overview" module gives you an overview of all the pages which are marked as "Cornerstone". This module also provides
a list of pages without a meta description so you can easily see the pages you have to improve.

Furthermore it brings a basic implementation of structured data (schema.org). By default it renders the needed JSON for
the schema.org types "BreadcrumbList" and "WebSite".

.. warning::

    The information shown below is only available within the Yoast SEO Premium extension.

    `Find out more about the premium extension. <https://yoast.com/typo3-extensions-seo/>`_

The premium extension offers the following extras on top of the free version:

- Add synonyms for your focus keyword
- Add related keyphrases with their own synonyms and analysis results
- Get internal linking suggestions within your content elements so you're sure that your content is properly linked together
- Get insights of your page so you know what the prominent words on your page are
- Set advanced robot instructions for "Image index", "Archive" and "Snippet"
- Find "Orphaned content", pages which have no internal links to them (within the Overview module)
- Add widgets to your Dashboard: Pages without meta description, Orphaned content

Commit message:

[TASK] Updated Documentation and CHANGELOG with premium mentions

Documentation/Introduction/About/Index.rst, after:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt


.. _about:

What does it do?
================

This extension brings the content analyzer tools from YoastSEO to the interface of TYPO3 CMS. This Content analysis can
generate interesting metrics about a text and give you an assessment which can be used to improve the text. Besides that
you can set a focus keyword for every page. The content analyzer takes this into account and lets you know if your copy
uses it properly.

Every page includes a snippet preview which shows you how that page will show up in the search results. The title of the
page and description displayed along can easily be modified in the editor.

For your most important pages there is the option of marking this as "Cornerstone" content. This will have impact on how
the content analysis analyzes your page.

The "Overview" module gives you an overview of all the pages which are marked as "Cornerstone". This module also provides
a list of pages without a meta description so you can easily see the pages you have to improve.

Furthermore it brings a basic implementation of structured data (schema.org). By default it renders the needed JSON for
the schema.org types "BreadcrumbList" and "WebSite".

The latest release for Yoast SEO For TYPO3 brings these features:

- Add synonyms for your focus keyword
- Add related keyphrases with their own synonyms and analysis results
- Get internal linking suggestions within your content elements so you're sure that your content is properly linked together
- Get insights of your page so you know what the prominent words on your page are
- Set advanced robot instructions for "Image index", "Archive" and "Snippet"
- Find "Orphaned content", pages which have no internal links to them (within the Overview module)
- Add widgets to your Dashboard: Pages without meta description, Orphaned content
